okay so you have flat ironed your hair
you've put on a headband you've got the
simple makeup you've got a nice outfit
on that's tasteful but still fun what
are the last things that you add to it
you want to add some accessories so the
first thing I want to talk about is
shoes like everything else you don't
want to be extreme with your shoes when
you're putting together a preppy look so
I'd say keep heels under two and a half
three inches the shoes should be in a
neutral color similar to the sandals
that I'm wearing right now you know a
normal small heel s podria czar okay
wedges are okay but in general no
towering heels no grungy shoes either
while flip-flops are considered to be a
staple of the preppy wardrobe they tend
to be nice flip flops or nice versions
of flats like these sandals that I'm
showing you right here these are some
nice flat Grecian sandals and they're in
a neutral there's not much of a heel
there are very nice leather I mean these
are actually these are pretty worn in
and they still look really nice these
would go great with a summer outfit or
maybe polo shirts some shorts the other
piece that you want to add that's very
popular our ribbon belts or grosgrain
belts and you could put these on over
almost anything you know I could belt
the jacket if I wanted to add some color
in it it's usually in a stripe maybe
it'd be in a polka dot pattern or a
nautical theme like we talked about
these belts are very popular with a
general preppy look in the summer and
the last thing would be bags now similar
to the jewelry when I talked about sort
of status jewelry you'd like maybe a
summer bag in a light color this is very
subtle it has a logo but it's not an
obvious logo because like everything
else in dressing prep you don't want to
be too showy but I would say that most
of the time a bag like this is a lot
more similar to what someone preppy
might carry this isn't a dark red but
you could have it in a brown or in a tan
it's a nice leather it's a crocodile
which means it's a great
reliable leather for a bag and it's a
classic cut and a classic shape which
would really complement the clothes for
a preppy style